*stable-windows* Functionality of the stable-windows plugin

  Keeps your vim windows stable when they move around.
  This is especially useful when working a lot with quickfix
  windows or location lists, vim tends to 'scroll' the text
  in your open windows to keep the cursor line centered.

====================================================================
CONTENTS                                       *StableWindowsContents*

    1. Usage ................ |Usage|
    2. License .............. |License|
    3. Bugs ................. |Bugs|
    4. Contributing ......... |Contributing|
    5. Changelog ............ |Changelog|
    7. Credits .............. |Credits|

====================================================================
Section 1: Usage                                               *Usage*

All you need to do is install this plugin for it to work. It
automatically saves the state of your open vim windows and will
restore the state when anything changes automatically, so you 
shouldn't feel any scrolling movement.

This plugin doesn't provide any mappings or commands for you to map.
You just install it to enable it, or remove it to disable.


Installing:

* VimPlug
  Place this in your .vimrc:
  `Plug gillyb/stable-windows`

  And then open vim and run:
  `:source %`
  `:PlugInstall`

* Vundle
  Place this in your .vimrc:
  `Plugin gillyb/stable-windows`

  And then open vim and run:
  `:source %`
  `:PlugInstall`

* NeoBundle
  Place this in your .vimrc:
  `NeoBundle gillyb/stable-windows`

  And then open vim and run:
  `:source %`
  `:NeoBundleInstall`

* Pathogen
  Run the following in a terminal:
  `cd ~/.vim/bundle`
  `git clone https://github.com/gillyb/stable-windows`


====================================================================
Section 2: License                                           *License*

The "stable-windows" vim plugin is distributed under the MIT 
license. Here is the full license:

Copyright 2019 Gilly Barr

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person 
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files 
(the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, 
including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, 
publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, 
and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, 
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be 
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND 
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS 
BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN 
ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN 
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE 
SOFTWARE.


====================================================================
Section 3: Bugs                                                 *Bugs*

Currently there aren't any known bugs.
Feel free to open issues on github, I will try to address them
appropriately. Please be respectful.


====================================================================
Section 4: Contributing                                 *Contributing*

You can contribute by opening an issue or sending a pull request.
I will try to address all contributions appropriately. All I ask is
that you be kind and respectful in doing so.

  
====================================================================
Section 5: Changelog                                       *Changelog*

* 1.0.0 - This is the initial version


====================================================================
Section 6: Credits                                           *Credits*

Currently, I (Gilly Barr) am the only author, maintainer and
contributor to this plugin, although I will keep this section here
for future use, if anyone decides to contribute as well.
